Update index.md (#11886)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/tasks/traffic-management/ingress/ingress-control/index.md

{{< /tip >}}

{{< tip >}}

> If you are running Istio on Kind, follow the [guide for setting up MetalLB](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/loadbalancer/) to get `LoadBalancer` service type to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running Istio using Kind on Linux, follow the [guide for setting up MetalLB](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/loadbalancer/) to get `LoadBalancer` type services to work.
```
